app/build.gradle clarification + code snippet (#896)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/rum_getting_started.md

### Declare SDK as dependency

> Declare [dd-sdk-android][1] and the [gradle plugin][12] as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file within your `app`directory

Reviewer: > file within your `app` directory
The "application" module is usually named `app`, but it's not always the case, and a project can have multiple applications.
```suggestion
Declare [dd-sdk-android][1] and the [gradle plugin][12] as a dependency in your application module's `build.gradle` file
```

```
buildscript {
    dependencies {
        classpath("com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin:x.x.x")
    }
}
plugins {

>     id("dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    id("com.datadoghq.dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin")
```

according to https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.datadoghq.dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin
